Jones: (It's good to be working in the bureau for a change... at least I can do paperwork in peace.)

Jones: (Maria came in during the afternoon to visit Anttonio in the holding cell. I hope... things go well for her.)

... : [ENTER_L1]

Locke: Detective, I found the mailman. He's confirmed Maria's alibi... but about Anttonio...

Jones: It's okay kid. We'll tell Maria later. You alright?

Locke: Well.. I'm fine. It's the first time I saw a murder, is all...

... : [ENTER_C]

???: Oh, baby's first murder, was it?

Locke: Huh?

Jones: Back off, Charles. 

Charles: Ohho! Protecting the youngling? Finally decided to embrace your motherly instincts, Athena?

Locke: What do you mean!?

Jones: Take it easy kid... this isn't worth it.

Charles: Heh.. you know, Athena, I hope you remember why you work here. Don't go around forgetting that, hm? If you do.. Well, that badge wouldn't be of much use now, would it?

Locke: !?

Jones: Yes, Charles.

Charles: A-A-Ah. We aren't colleagues, Detective. With title, please.

Jones: ...Yes, Captain. What. Do you want.

Charles: Ah, finally gotten to the point, have we? Well, the boys and I are tired after a day of real work, and someone just called in a car accident a whiiille back...

Charles: It'd be a shame to keep 'em waiting, Mm?

Locke: But, we just solved a case this morning!-

Charles: Shut it, lackey. It's an order.

Jones: ...Let's go, Kid.

CRIME SCENE 2: [05]

Locke: It's.. brutal, detective.

Jones: Yeah, I see it kid.

Locke: The victim was id'd as Columbus Olfonso. He was the warden of the Stonewall Detention Center.

Jones: (Odd name... and the warden of Stonewall? That's a big position to replace..)

Locke: He seemed to have been driving at full speed towards the intersection right... over there. But his car skidded and he crashed into the tree. He died from his injuries. 

Jones: What did forensics make of it?

Locke: The coroners don't suspect any other cause of death, though they're still working on the autopsy report. They've taken away the body, but...

Locke: ...while doing so, they found a suicide note in the front pocket of his coat.

Jones: What did it say?

Locke: See for yourself, detective.

Jones: ("I tire of this futile existence. Perhaps it is better this way.")

Jones: Maybe he lamented the innocent he forsook...

Locke: Hah! As if they were innocent!

Jones: ...

Locke: Right?

Jones: ...Regardless, who discovered the accident?

Locke: It was the local traffic cop. No witnesses to question too. The road was completely deserted when he found the burning car.

Jones: Hmm, Interesting. Mind if I look around a bit?

Locke: Alright, but.. Can we wrap this up quickly? It seems like it was just an accident...

Jones: I'll try, kid. (If only it were that easy.)

INVESTIGATION: [inv]

Jones: Kid, when was the accident reported?

Locke: Uhh.. around 5:40, I think.

Jones: And did the coroner mention the time of death?

Locke: Oh, he estimated that it was around 20 minutes before the body was found.

Jones: Doesn't that strike you as odd, kid?

Locke: What do you mean?

Jones: The accident happened around 5:20 then, right? In other words...

OPENLOG: [open1]

Jones: An empty road during rush hour. That's a bit.. off, isn't it?

Locke: Oh.. I thought this would be a simple one...

Jones: Don't worry about it, kid. Considering the last one... Well, better safe than sorry, hm?

Locke: Yeah.. maybe... this was also...

Jones: (I think he caught my drift...) Well, if you have your suspicions, can ya run an errand for me?

Locke: Oh! Yes detective, of course!

Jones: Take this..

OPENLOG: [open2]

Jones: The victim was the warden, right? Could you get someone to match up the handwriting of the note with the prison records?

Locke: Oh, yes, sure! I'll be back in no time.

Jones: See ya, kid.

... : [LEAVE_L]

Jones: (Well, nothing better than thinking about a case in solitude, hm?)

Jones: (A deserted road during rush hour... how does that even end up happening? And the tire marks too. It looks an awful lot like another fake suicide...)

Jones: (Ah, at least the smell of lavenders accompanies me. It was with us at Benhito's as well...)

Jones: (I wonder what Joanne is up to... perhaps sending the lavender scent my way?)

Jones: (Ah, Jo. Your garden doesn't know the bounds of the city, does it-?)

... : [ENTER_J]

???: Athena Jones. Long time no see..

Jones: ...James, is that you?

James: Well well, why wouldn't it be?

Jones: Hah! Why not? How are things, old chum? Still working at the library?

James: Hmph, you forget your namesake, Athena! I'm a professor of Greek History!

Jones: Yeah yeah, you work at the library. You don't need to say it twice.

James: Hey!

Jones: Hah! So what brings you here to an intersection bustling with traffic? Out on a date, hm?

James: I... Well, we... Let's say we broke up. Just loitering about now, as one does.

Jones: Oh..! I'm so sorry James. I'm working on a case, but feel free to stay, alright?

James: Thank you, Athena. The goddess of wisdom is too kind...

Jones: Hah, don't worry about it. 

James: ...Well, while your old librarian is here, gimme the case files and your notes, let me have a look for myself as well. A second pair of eyes won't hurt, eh?

Jones: Hey, back off! We're not supposed to disclose details to the public.. I can't show you these.

James: Hmph... since when did you become a stickler for the rules?

Jones: ...

Jones: You know I somehow ended up on the warfront, James. It's... always been that way.

James: Alright, if you say so...

Jones: ...

Jones: ....Argh, fine! You got me. Have a look.

OPENLOG: [open3]

James: So... suicide by car, eh? Don't see that often.

Jones: Yeah.. But the whole case is off. Nothing is concrete yet but... It feels like this suicide was faked.

James: I see...

Jones: What strikes me as the oddest are the tire marks.

James: And why is that?

Jones: Well... It looks like an accident, doesn't it? If you wanted to die, you would have rammed into the tree directly. This looks like a crash.

Jones: But it doesn't explain the suicide note...

James: ...Do you mean it was-

... : [ENTER_L]

Locke: *Huff, huff* DETECTIVE! I just got back the results from the records. And... it's all different. None of the words match!

James: Murder...?

Jones: ...Precisely.

Locke: I visited the coroner as well. You're going to want to take a look at the autopsy report.

James: "Death due to blunt force trauma to the head, but severe levels of blood alcohol were found. May have been intoxicated before the accident."

Jones: What the...

Locke: My head is spinning...

James: So was our victim's, apparently.

James: An accident, a suicide and a drunkard...

Jones: (How the hell am I supposed to proceed now?)

OPENLOG: [open4]

Jones: Locke! Did forensics find any fingerprints on the note?

Locke: I'm afraid not, detective... all they found were glove marks...

Jones: (Glove marks? Interesting...)

Jones: James, are you alright? You don't need to bother yourself with all this.

James: ...I'm fine, Athena. A twisted place, this world, isn't it? A black and white of murder and suicide... But neither is free of guilt.

Jones: ...

James: Ah, I apologise for my musings. Shall we go over the details once more?

Jones: Thank you, James. So...

Jones: Tire marks of a car that crashed, and an autopsy showing intoxication. It can only mean...

OPENLOG: [open5]

James: That it was definitely an accident.

Jones: Right. And if it was an accident, then-

OPENLOG: [open6]

Jones: The suicide note had to have been planted... but we already know that, don't we?

Locke: Yes.. the handwriting is completely different. Not to mention the lack of fingerprints...

James: Hold on a minute.. No fingerprints were found because the suspect was wearing gloves, correct?

Jones: I'm afraid so...

James: Would that not mean that the crime was premeditated?

Locke: If that's the case, then... How was it an accident? It can't be both...

James: What do you think, Jones?

OPENLOG: [open7]

Jones: Maybe we don't have enough to say for sure. We should gather more evidence, I suppose.

Locke: From where??

James: Probably the victim's office, I presume.

Jones: Exactly.

THE OFFICE: [06]

Jones: ...(So... we obtained a warrant to search Columbus's office. Let's take a look around, shall we?)...

INVESTIGATION: [inv1]

James: These records are... very, very interesting.

Jones: Be happy that they're open to the public. Otherwise you'd be a felon.

James: Hah! I'd be more of a criminal than some of the people on this list!

Locke: I'm sure they deserve their sentences.

James: You'd be surprised, child.

Jones: Hush it, you two. What do you make of the name 'Zimmerman'?

Locke: Detective, you haven't heard of Prof. Eicheich Zimmerman? He's an amazing scientist. A revolutionary chemist!

James: And a horrible person. We used to be colleagues once, in university... He's part of the science ministry now, and fires those who do not conform to his view of the world.

Jones: We have more important things to discuss. Firstly, the death occurred at 5:20 pm, correct?

Locke: Yes, detecti-

James: No-

Locke: Huh?

Jones: What do you mean, James?

James: Oh, I, erm- Well, I thought I read it in your notes that the road was deserted? I assumed it was in the morning.

Jones: Come to think of it... Locke, did the traffic police mean 5:40 am or pm?

Locke: Well... I don't remember them specifying when they told me. I just assumed it was 5:40pm.

Jones: Well, if the timings were early, then it explains...

OPENLOG: [open8]

Jones: The road! No wonder it was deserted when they found it. It lines up with the busy schedule of the warden as well.

Locke: So the real time of death was 5:20am...

James: Ah..perhaps after leaving his last meeting.

Jones: And about that meeting. This Zimmerman fellow, he's a... what do you call it? Chemicalist?

Locke: Detective... you need to work on your vocabulary. It's 'chemist'.

Jones: And you on your sass, kid. Is it safe to assume he carries his own equipment around?

Locke: He pioneered his own variety of Nylon gloves and fibreglass safety goggles! You don't see him without 'em!

Jones: Nylon, huh? Can forensics find out the kind of imprint left by a glove? Have 'em check for nylon, will ya?

Locke: I think they can. But... you can't be saying that...

Jones: We need to find out about this meeting, kid.

Locke: You-you think Zimmerman spiked the warden's drink during the meeting?

Jones: I don't know, but if the special glove marks match... then..

Locke: But-but that doesn't make sense!

Jones: I know. A killer never returns to the scene of the crime.. But it's our only lead.

Locke: I-alright. I'll meet you at his apartment.

Jones: Alright. Let's go, James.

Jones: James...?

James: It's getting late, Athena. I don't want to catch a cold...

Jones: Aww, that's okay. Does my friend want to return to the warm embrace of the library?

James: Hmph! Perhaps he does, Athena. But... Thank you for this.

Jones: Eh, don't worry about it.

James: I'll be at my office if you need anything, alright?

Jones: Yeah, yeah, I'll see you in the library.

AT ZIMMERMAN'S: [07]

Jones: (So, here we are. Zimmerman's office. It's.. huge.)

Jones: *knock* *knock* *knock* Anyone home?

... : [ENTER_Z]

???: Ja, ja, come in.

Jones: Good evening, sir. I am from the police. Are you, perhaps, Professor Zimmerman?

Zimmerman: Indeed, that would be I. Though YOU are not from the police, ja?

Jones: I get that a lot. May I ask you a few questions?

Zimmerman: Tch! Go ahead, woman.

INTERROGATION: [inv]

Zimmerman: Yes. We met at a bar, ja?

Jones: Alright, and what were you two discussing?

Zimmerman: That is government information, ja? None of your business.

Jones: ...Very well then. What happened after the meeting?

Zimmerman: Hah, we went home, what else?

Jones: Sir... Are you aware that Columbus Olfonso died last night?

Zimmern: Mein Gott... what happened to him?

Jones: We are still investigating, but he may have suffered from alcohol poisoning... he crashed and died due to blunt force trauma to the head.

Zimmerman: ...

Jones: Did you notice anything suspicious last night? His driving, perhaps?

Zimmerman: We... We shared the same route in the beginning, yes. Now that you mention it, his driving was quite shaky...

Jones: Did you do anything about it?

Zimmerman: No... honestly, he'd always been a rash driver... so I didn't think much of it... Oh, if I had not overtaken him maybe I could have saved him?

Jones: I'm sorry, sir-

... : [ENTER_LA]

Locke: Detective...! Y-You were right. The imprint, it's nylon. I did an additional test and it perfectly matches with the... suspect's gloves.

Zimmerman: Eh? Who are you, and w-what are you talking about?

Jones: He's with me. And sir, you are under arrest.

Zimmerman: Y-you dare? I know my rights! Why am I being arrested?

Jones: Let's say we found a suicide note that we can guarantee was planted into the crime scene. The handwriting on that note would be easy to cross check with your own.

Jones: There were no fingerprints on the note, but glove marks. Normally, people use latex gloves for crime... but these were special. They were made of nylon.

Jones: Identical to the ones you are wearing now.

Zimmerman: !?

Jones: We found tire marks at the scene of the crime which indicate an accident occured. A hit and run, perhaps? Add a suicide note to shift the blame?

Jones: Professor Zimmerman, you are under arrest on a count of manslaughter and possibly murder. You have the right to remain-

Zimmerman: -Silent!?? You think I will remain silent?! FINE, I ADMIT, JA. I was driving fast in my lane, and the warden hit the brakes. I-I hit him...

Zimmerman: I-I was scared... my reputation precedes me... I left the suicide note in a hurry. I thought it was smart! I had my own gloves! But... 

Zimmerman: I-It was an accident! Ja! Not manslaughter!

Jones: Manslaughter- the crime of killing without malice aforethought.

Zimmerma: Oh... but you said murder, too! What do you mean, woman?!

Jones: I'll show you what I mean.

OPENLOG: [open9]

Jones: You were the last person he met that day, is it not? At a bar no less. I doubt there would be anyone else except a groggy bartender.

Jones: It isn't a leap to assume you spiked his drink, hm?

Zimmerman: You DARE? I will sue you! I did not commit murder. I did not...

Jones: Remember, sir. What you say can and will be used against you in court. As I said, you can stay silent, or... 

Locke: Detective....

Zimmerman: I... You..!

Jones: Bring him in, Locke.

IN ATHENA'S MIND: [08]

Jones: (A horrible liar, wasn't he?)

Jones: (Admitting to manslaughter just to refute murder, it's... comical)

Jones: (The only person who could spike the drink, still resisting the charge.)

Jones: (I can't help but wonder... why? Why resist?)

Jones: (Why resist the inevitable... to escape consequences? To retain power?)

Jones: (But if so...Why did he do it in the first place...?)

Jones: (...Why?)

END: [close]