Jones: (And another one bites the dust.)

Jones: (My routine is always the same..)

Jones: (Wake up, go to the Bureau, see more death.)

Jones: (But this one was different. It was important. The victim was the guard of The Stonewall Detention Centre.)

Jones: (The death that started it all...)

CRIME SCENE: [01]

???: Detective! You finally made it!

Jones: Yes, Locke, I did. Mind giving me the rundown on this one, kid?

Jones: (This is Locke Sher. The Bureau assigns every detective a trusty beat cop for assistance, and this young kid.. somehow ended up right in that position.)

Locke: Hey! You're pityingly staring at me again! I chose this job for myself, you know.

Jones: Sure, kid. You gonna answer my question or not?

Locke: Yes detective! Seems like it was a suicide, but we're still investigating things...
He... that guard, he...hanged himself.

Jones: (...And this is why I don't want kids ending up on the force.) Hm. Did they take away the body?

Locke: Yes, they did, phew... They've left the rest of the room as it was found, though. 

Jones: (...At least the room smells nice.) And who found it?

Locke: Oh, that'd be that woman and her son over there. The Giovinazzis, was it? I think they're Italian.

Jones: I.. don't see how that's relevant, but alright. Prep those two for questioning, I'll take a look around.

INVESTIGATIO: ...

Locke: Before I go, detective... You seem a little hesitant. All you have to do is hover over what you need to look at. You'll be prompted to examine it in detail.

Jones: I've been in this business for way too long, kid, I know how to do that. (But... thanks for the reminder.)

INVESTIGATION: [inv]

Locke: Detective! The witnesses are ready. We should begin the questioning.

Jones: Alright kid, give me a moment with them.

Jones: (I didn't have much time to collect things... but new information is always handy. Just ask 'em the details and look through my case notes if anything feels off.)

INTERROGATE: [inv]

Jones: Good evening ma'am. Your name?

???: ...

Jones: Ma'am?

???: You cannot fool me, child. A girl like you all dressed up as a.. What you call it.. Polizia? Police?  How, how could you do it? How-

Jones: Not now, Ma'am. Your name-

???: How, how dashing! It reminds me of 'old husband, it does. The beige coat, the black cappello... ah, meraviglioso!

Jones: I- uh.. Thank you? (I think she liked my cap..) Ma'am, what might be your name?

Maria: Call me Maria, Ay? Maria Giovinazzi. Ey Anttonio! Introduce yourself too.

Anttonio: Hmph. Evening.

Maria: Boy! Where are your manners? Is that any way to speak to la polizia? 

Maria: Ja allarme, morte, e statisticamente homen, ulteriore non tradizionale. Lo giuro, da quando tuo padre se n'e andato sei diventato un moccioso marcio!

Maria: Tutto quello che fai e tenere il broncio per quel tuo lavoro che fa sfilare i prigionieri come bestiame--

Jones: Ms. Maria, please, relax. I just want to ask you a few questions about the incident.

Maria: ...Si, si. Ask away. What do you want to know?

Jones: Well, how did you two come upon the body?

Maria: Ay, it was... terrifying. The guard, he's Anttonio's coworker and lives next door. They work at the detention centre, you understand? Ay, what a tragedy! Poor Benhito...

Jones: Mhmm.. (So that would be the name of our victim.)

Maria: I was cooking dinner for Anttonio and Benhito. Ay, these kids never learnt to cook. Anttonio had gone to the washroom when I heard a faint crashing sound. 

Maria: But I kept cooking and later headed to his place to give him food.

Jones: About how much time elapsed between the crashing sound and you heading to his place?

Maria: Eh, about 10 minutes I'd say. I cook quick and well, Ms. Polizia! You want Risotto after this?

Jones: I-No thank you. (So they encountered the body presumably 10 minutes after the suicide.)

Maria: Ay, ay, alright... Well, I rang the doorbell, and there was no answer. The backdoor was also locked... I called and called, until Anttonio came asking why I was shouting.

Maria: Anttonio, this kid, has no patience. Seems like he picked up a trick or two from the prisoners he guards. He took my hairpin, picked the lock and we came upon.. the body...

Jones: I see. Thank you for the details, ma'am. Hey, Locke!

Locke: Yes Detective!

Jones: From which door did the autopsy team leave the building?

Locke: Huh? The main entrance, of course. Why do you ask?

Jones: Let me show you. (If my thinking is correct, then one fact does not line up with Maria's statement. I should open my case log and show them the truth!)

OPEN LOG: [open1]

Locke: The backdoor was locked? Yes, that's what Maria said, isn't it?

Jones: You're right kid, but she said it was locked from the inside. Now... Well, go check the door yourself.

Locke: Huh? ...!?

Locke: It's locked from the outside!

Maria: !?

Maria: How dare you, Ms. Polizia! I thought you were friend! You accuse me of lying? It was locked from the inside, ay! I saw it with my eyes! I felt it with my cook's arms!

Jones: Of course Maria, I never said you were lying. But there might be more to this suicide than it seems-

Locke: -If you can even call it a suicide...

Maria: ...?

Anttonio: ..!

Jones: Seems like you're getting my gist, kid.

Jones: Get the autopsy report from forensics quickly. We might have a murder on our hands.

... : [LEAVE_L]

Jones: (Well then. I suppose we should investigate the scene again. Before Maria begins another spiel of hers...)

Jones: (Let's rexamine the scene through the eyes of a murderer. What we need is a way to enter the room, kill the victim, disguise it as a suicide, and escape.)

INVESTIGATION: [inv]

Jones: Maria, may I ask you something?

Maria: ...

Jones: Ma'am..?

Maria: ...Si! Si, I am here. Wh-what do you want to know.. Ms. Polizia?

Jones: Ma'am... I will need you to stay calm. We don't know if it was a murder yet, and even if it were... I will take care of it. Can I count on you to trust me?

Maria: ..Si. Trust, yes? I trust you, Ms. Polizia. What would you like to know?

Jones: (I should show her the log.)

OPEN LOG: [open2]

Maria: The.. noose?

Jones: Yes. More specifically, the rope used with it. Are ropes like these found anywhere in these apartments?

Maria: Well... these houses use rope for ringing bell, ay? See ours?

Doorbell: *Ding*

Jones: ..Hm! This doorbell's rope is, in fact, torn off. If this rope was used as a false noose, then it explains...

OPEN LOG: [open3]

Jones: Push and pull the bell rope enough, then we just might end up with what looks like the marks of a struggle.

Maria: !

Jones: (That explains that... but it must mean the murderer.. was someone who lived nearby and knew about the doorbell.)

Jones: One last thing, Maria. Do you and your son have an alibi?

Maria: An alibi.. Well, a mailman had come to deliver letters. Bless his heart! He said the cooking smelled lovely, so I sat him down and let him have a taste! 

Jones: (That poor fellow, he must have had places to be.) And what about Anttonio?

Maria: Well, he had headed off to the bathroom. But I'm sure the mailman saw him too.

Jones: (I'll have to check in with the mailman, but it seems like they have solid-)

... : [ENTER_L]

Locke: DETECTIVE!

Jones: Kid! You got the autopsy?

Locke: Yes detective! And... this was definitely a murder. No doubt about it. There are bruises on his neck, but they are marks.. of strangulation. 

Locke: All we have to do is find the rope which was used and-

Jones: I think I've found it, kid. But it's not gonna be that simple.

Locke: Huh?? But we could just get it tested for fingerprints, and-

Jones: (I'll have to show him.)

OPEN LOG: [open4]

Jones: The rope came from the doorbell, kid. Who knows how many people used it. There'll be all kinds of fingerprints on it.

Locke: ...Oh. But I brought the forensics team all the way here...

Jones: That's okay kid. You did good. Have 'em analyse the...

OPEN LOG: [open5]

Jones: ...handle of the backdoor. If we're on the right track, then the fingerprints on it should be the killer's.

Locke: I'll have them on it immediately, detective.

Jones: (The doorbell rope. The backdoor. Only someone who has a knowledge of this building would know how to use these. Among the witnesses, that can only mean Maria, or-)

Locke: Detective! They're.. they're Anttonio's!

Maria: ..??!

Anttonio: Hmph. So this is what the police have come to. Hiring those who should stay in kitchens to solve crime.

Jones: Sir, it seems I have a few questions to ask of you.

Anttonio: I plead the fifth.

Maria: Anttonio??!! What are you doing? Please, please, answer her! What were you doing at the back door?

Anttonio: ....I was asked to come there alone. By Benhito. I received a telegram in the morning from him. He said it was urgent.

Jones: And where is this telegram now?

Anttonio: ...It has been.. Erased. I was told to burn it in the fireplace.

Jones: And what happened at the backdoor?

Anttonio: Nothing. I knocked, I twisted the doorknob, but.. No one answered. Then, I heard the footsteps of my mother. 

Anttonio: I was asked to come alone, so I hurried off with her towards the main entrance. I did not have time to pick the backdoor lock.

Jones: ...A tall tale, Sir. But... allow me to put forward a different explanation.

Jones: Maria was cooking for Benhito, while, as she said, you were in the washroom. That was a lie on your part. 

Jones: You headed off in secrecy and picked the lock of Benhito's backdoor. 

Jones: You may have attacked Benhito, grabbing the doorbell rope and attempted to disguise it as a suicide. 

Jones: The victim struggled, and knocked over the vase, but that would have been alright, wouldn't it?

Jones: Anyone encountering the scene would imagine it was knocked over by the choking victim's feet.

Jones: But you forgot one piece of evidence, quintessential to a suicide.

OPEN LOG: [open6]

Jones: Something that isn't in the evidence. A suicide note.

Jones: How could you forget? Well, perhaps while fabricating the scene, a certain Italian gentlewoman kept calling for the victim.

Jones: In a panic, you rushed out the backdoor and met up with your mother. You picked the lock of the main entrance, and... 

Jones: Became a witness.

Maria: ...

Anttonio: This is madness, madness! It is all a theory! Where is your evidence?

Jones: The fingerprints on the knob, sir. 

Anttonio: You.. you! Believe me... someone sent a telegram. I, I saw someone! A shadow.. When I was picking the back lock...

Jones: Well... we can discuss this in the department, can we not? 

Anttonio: I.. I saw someone! Trust me! Please...

Maria: Trust... Ms. Polizia. You said I could trust you. Why...

Maria: Why are you not trusting my son? Why?

Jones: ...I'm sorry, Maria.

IN ATHENA'S MIND: [02]

Jones: (He.. he did it. I am sure of it. Everything falls into place, doesn't it?)

Jones: (What did he say again?)

Jones: (Telegrams.. and a shadowy 'phantom' spotted while picking a lock... A shadow that he remembered only while being accused.)

Jones: (He was lying. But.. why? Why did he do it? Were they not colleagues?)

Jones: (Everything falls into place neatly... too neatly.)

Jones: (But what... was his motive?)

END: [close]
